One. One. two.
One.
One. two. three.
Bag. red.
Left.
Green.
right.
One. One. two. three.
One. two.
One.
One. two. three.
One. two.
One.
Bag.
right hand.
Striped.
Red.
Blue.
Left.
Confirm ID.
Filthy whore!
ID confirmed.
Go for exfiltration. Over.
Clean the zone.
- Execute women and children?
- Formal order.
Clean the zone.
New order. clean the zone. Over.
Confirm Alex.
Op confirmed.
Clean the zone.
Sam?
Sam!
Joana!
Ilias! Come on!
Do it.
See you tomorrow.
Great job today.
Wanna talk about it?
No point.
It's cool.
You're gonna talk.
Move it!
Nassim.
Talk and you can go home.
I said nothing.
- I said nothing.
- Nothing?
What did you give them?
I swear.
Who'd you talk to?
Rami!
I'm talking to you.
What did you give them?
Papa loved you. Nassim.
But betraying the family?
Who?
Who did you rat us out to?
Ilias.
Ilias who?
- Ilias who?
- Ilias Siracine.
Ilias Siracine. some cop.
Your call. bro.
Go get breakfast?
If you want.
I'll get dressed.
C'mon. tell me. Go on.
Go on.
What?
Won't tell me?
You're mad at me?
I can't be mad at you.
I'm worried. that's all.
You know I'm here.
Yes. I know.
- Tank full?
- Yup.
You don't know me.
Got it.
Beat it.
Love you.
It's okay.
Call an ambulance!
We'll find them.
I promise you.
I'll be back.
Excuse me. sorry.
We checked local business security cams.
Ilias was investigating Mansour Khoury.
the two perps' father.
They've been spotted
at Colors of Orient.
Shit!
- What?
- The prosecutor.
He says there's insufficient evidence
to arrest them.
Reda...
they'll be back
if they find out he's alive.
It's out of my hands. Procedure.
Texting you the address
of my first flat in Essaouira.
We can hide Ilias there.
Call Nora.
She'll care for him.
For the Khoury brothers.
Dressed like that? Get lost!
Kneel.
Kneel!
On your feet!
Hands up!
The merchandise arrives Friday.
Container details coming.
Sir...
Kamal and Rami...
were killed last night.
Who?
A Frenchwoman.
The Essaouira cop's wife.
She was caught at Jamel's hammam.
Call Le Français.
Mr. Khoury. I was about to call you.
Who killed my sons?
We don't know. No info yet.
Call Paris now.
Yes. of course. I'm on it.
Find out all about her.
Right away. I'm on it.
We've reached
a geopolitical tipping point.
We need to rethink our strategies
as terrorist groups resurge
in Africa. Southeast Asia.
and the Arabian Peninsula.
Our enemies' exploitation
of regional tensions
while our countries are in crisis
provides fertile ground
for our adversaries.
BERBER CARPETS
KHOURY'S SONS KILLED BY A FRENCHWOMAN!!!
As the DGSE's
Research and Operations Director.
is your profession compatible
with our societies' values?
The war on terror
is not only a military issue.
but a challenge to strategic orthodoxy
that requires action
on social. educational. cultural.
political. and diplomatic levels.
KINGDOM OF MOROCCO
ARREST NOTICE
Does the war on terror
require that you abandon principles
you are fighting for?
Sadly. we must plan for situations
that are increasingly complex
and unpredictable.
We must ensure that
what might happen
does not happen.
It was her.
I don't get it.
Unless she's gone rogue.
I'd be very surprised.
She has a new life
since she resigned after Raqqa.
Can Morocco trace her back to us?
Officially. Badh no longer exists.
They'll draw a blank on her.
No. the problem is Mansour Khoury.
He'll be out for revenge.
Go to Marrakech.
give Mansour our condolences.
Explain. support.
and give him what he wants.
Whatever he wants?
Whatever he wants.
We need his intel
to prevent another attack.
Nora's caring for Ilias.
Fill me in.
Talk. if you want me to help.
In three days.
you'll be transferred to Aïn Sebâa.
Yes?
What will you do?
My best.
In the circumstances.
You can't--
Look. you were her mentor.
but rules are rules.
- Excuse me...
- Yes?
Your flight's confirmed.
No promises. but I'll do all I can.
All good?
Well?
Wednesday. 2 pm.
transfer to Aïn Sebâa prison.
To make an example of her.
Fine.
You spoke to Mansour?
Not since we talked.
- He's dangerous.
- Yes.
We need a way to calm him down.
The consignment?
I'm tracking the cargo ship.
It's on schedule.
I'll give them docking details ASAP.
What a shitstorm.
- You can't make an omelet...
- Please!
No aphorisms.
They're here.
Monsieur Khoury...
My dear friend.
our most sincere condolences.
Surely we belong to Allah
and to Him we all return.
It was her in Raqqa.
I said no witnesses.
She made it out by a miracle.
She's no longer an asset.
All she knows is
it was ISIS's biggest arms supplier.
She knows nothing about us.
You guys messed up big.
I get your anger. but please. sit tight.
Don't make waves.
Tassigny was singularly firm on that.
Leave this to us.
You're asking a lot.
We've given you a lot.
They're here for the transfer.
I'm on my way.
Move!
Turn.
Open it.
Keep cool.
Code door 11?
3-6-6-2-1-5.
Wait.
Turn.
Okay. okay...
Move!
Open up. let me out!
Open it!
Out.
Move.
Move! Move!
Talk.
Mansour sent his men.
- She's dead.- You saw the body?
No.
Cover our tracks.
All right.
The shipment?
Docking in Casablanca on Friday.
Easy does it.
Easy.
How's Ilias?
Still unconscious.
You need to see this.
We just intercepted it.
Sam's set up a meet tomorrow noon.
She just replied.
Joana?
She's alive.
Excuse me?
We intercepted a message.
Sam's headed to Essaouira.
meeting Badh tomorrow at noon.
- I'll patch you in.- Okay. on it.
She loses you. and you--
I told you.
Sit tight
and let us do our job. Mansour.
You're shitting me?
See you at the docks.
For the exchange.
Give me the woman.
or you're all going down.
Don't threaten us.
You get the arms.
we get the intel.
We're wasting time.
Don't bother.
We're family.
I can't take it.
After I go. I have no idea if...
Don't worry.
I'll take care of him.
Go. sweetie.
You mean the world to him.
Bring up the Magic Hour.
I don't see them.
Zoom in.
Zoom in more!
They'll be hard to spot
under the sunshades or parasols.
Sorry about Ilias.
He's getting better.
Here.
You gotta split.
Mansour won't give up on him.
Neither will I.
Precisely. I followed Joana.
She led me to Mansour.
He was her informant. since Raqqa.
Meantime.
he's ISIS's main arms supplier.
Untouchable.
Joana will go all out to protect him.
Coffee?
One sugar and a half?
Put Joana on.
Visibility's impossible.
I'm there with backup.
We'll nail them.
He's their point man with Mansour.
Goes by Le Français.
Sells carpets.
In the souks of Marrakech.
That's all I have for now.
I'll get him to talk.
Promise me you'll take off.
Don't get involved.
Please.
Not here.
Check out the other rooftops.
Check if there's a bar called the Windy.
Got it.
Enlarge it.
Left.
Keep going. Closer.
Closer still. Closer.
Keep going.
Forget it. lost them.
If she saw Sam.
Le Français is next.
I'll send in Alex.
Sir...
I'm looking for Le Français.
He sells carpets.
Left. and all the way to the end.
What makes this carpet unique
is the use of all-natural colors.
You see? The yellow's saffron.
The red's poppy.
The blue's cobalt.
Actually. I have another in the back
that's smaller but more vivid.
I'll go get it. You'll love it.
Talk.
What was the deal in Raqqa?
You eliminated an arms dealer
so we could replace him with Mansour.
And the explosion?
Mansour said no witnesses.
And Joana agreed?
Yes.
She agreed.
Where's Mansour?
Dunno.
In Casa.
For an arms shipment.
And Mansour will pass on intel
to Joana in exchange.
When?
Tonight. 10 pm.
Where?
The port.
Terminal C.
We've lost her. She's vanished.
Headed to Casa.
Check her transit options.
No direct Marrakech-Casa flights today.
All options!
Taxi. bus. train.
Find her before she reaches the port.
Got something.
That's her.
What time's the next train to Casa?
Hold on...
The 626 Al-Atlas. leaving at 5:50.
- Inform Moroccan Intelligence.
- On it.
ALEX IS AT THE PORT
ID.
Lower the window.
Okay.
Open that one.
There.
And that one.
It's all here.
All good.
You look tired.
Since when does the DGSE arm ISIS?
We're saving lives.
At what cost?
At all costs.
Like in Raqqa?
You didn't die in Raqqa.
I don't mean me.
We had no choice.
No choice?
Your gun.
Move.
I'll put her on.
Just so you know. after you.
I'll finish what my sons started.
Avenge them.
TAKE DOWN MANSOUR.
I'LL CALL THE MOROCCANS.
We have DGSI approval.
Send in tactical units.
It's not a dream or a nightmare.
It's what I left behind.
Fear. emptiness. desolation.
Forgive me.
In Paris. three jihadist cells
were rounded up
by BRI tactical units
operating simultaneously
in three separate precincts.
8 suspects. 7 men and 1 woman.
were arrested.
Aged 24-55.
they were planning an attack.
Explosive devices
and chemical substances
were found in one
of their apartments.
according to Hadrien Tassigny.
the DGSE's director of operations.
Subtitles: Simon John
Resync for [HD] to 24 fps: Cube3Car